Given a matchup, Ex. Houston Rockets vs Los Angeles Lakers
We should be able to identify past matchups this year and look at their record: 
The teams were scheduled to play three games this year, but only played two and went 1-1.

The Rockets as a team are the 2nd highest scoring offense in the league, with 
on average 118 points per game. however, they allow roughly 114pts to be scored
on them each game making them the 22nd in that ranking. Also taking into account
their rebounds per game is middle of the league becuase of their small size. 
They also rank 29th in the league for number of assists per game. Meaning they 
are an isolation heavy team.

Houston Stats:
    Average Height: 6-5~
    PPG: 118(Very High)
    Points Allow Per game: 114(Fairly high)
    RPG: 45~(roughly middle of the pack)
    APG: 21.5(Extremely Poor)
    Team 3PT%: 34.8%(Poor)
    Team 3PTA: 44(Highest in the league by a large margin)
    Team 3PTM: 15.4(Highest in the league)
    TOV: 14.7(Middle of the Pack)
    STL: 8.5(High)
    BLKS: 5(Surprisingly above average)

The Lakers are one of the strongest teams in the league this year. They allow
the third lowest points scored on them in the league. They are the #1 team in terms 
of blocks, 9th in assists, 8th in rebounds, 22nd in TOVS and 7th in points scored 
per game. They have the highest FG% in the NBA and are the 4th highest in terms of
offensive steals.

Lakers Stats:
    Average Height: 6-7~
    PPG: 114(7th Overall)
    Points Allowed per game: 106.9(3rd overall)
    RPG: 46(8th Overall)
    APG: 26(9th Overall)
    Team 3PT%: 35.5(Middle of the Pack)
    Team 3PTA: 31.4 (23rd overall low)
    Team FG%: 48.5 (Highest in the league)
    TOV: 15.1 (22nd overall)
    STL: 8.6 (4th overall)
    BLKS: 6.8 (1st overall)


Taking only team stats into account, the Lakers are obviously a much more well
rounded team than the Rockets. While the Rockets lead the league in scoring they 
also tend to allow much more points than the Lakers do. The Lakers are also notorious 
for having one of the tallest lineups in the NBA this season, which when matched up against 
roughly the shortest starting lineup, is a bad combination for the Rockets scoring.
The Rockets are a team that lives and dies by the three. They take the most attempts
and have the highest successes due to this. However, due to their short makeup, They
struggle in the paint, this is also aggrivated by the Lakers extremely tough in-paint
defense scheme. The Lakers rarely allow their opponent into the paint. The Lakers 
also are an assist heavy team, so they are better at setting up shots, and because
of their large height, the Lakers are very good at getting offensive rebounds. 


Looking at purely team statistics, I would say the Lakers are favored 60-40.
---------------------------------------------------------

INDIVIDUAL PLAYERS

Rockets:
The Houston Rockets have two allstar in the 2019-2020 season who have been MVPs
in previous seasons, James Harden and Russell Westbrook. These two players are
famous for having their own playstyle and essentially famous for carrying their
respective teams. 

James Harden is one of the most prolific scorers of all time. He has the scoring 
title for both the 2018 and 2019 seasons. While his shooting percentage splits
aren't the highest, he makes up for them in terms of volume of shots. He on
average in the 2020 and 2019 seasons averaged ~34.5pts per game. James Harden 
can never be counted out, and if allowed to play his own game, will easily score
50+ on a team.

Russell Westbrook is one of the most athletic players in basketball. Where
his shooting is lacking he makes up for in terms of all around utlity on the 
floor. He is famous for averaging a triple double. He is a great teamate to have
on the floor, espcially when he is not your first option in terms of shooting.

Lakers:
The Lakers are notorious for build all star caliber lineups and this year is not
different. Having a player like Lebron James is often mor than enough to carry a 
team to the playoffs. With the inclusion of Anthony Davis, the Lakers have given 
Lebron a teamate that can keep up with Lebron's pace. Other allstars on the Lakers
include Dwight Howard, who, despite being well past his prime is still a strong big man
who can easily scoop 10 rebounds a night and be a solid defensive precense. Rajon Rondo,
who is a playoff veteran and has been a key player on many championship runs. 
Danny Green who is an excellent 3rd or 4th option shooter and lockdown defender.


Overall, in terms of individual talent, the Lakers have much more depth and arguably higher
skill peaks than the Rockets. The Rockets have a singular offensive strategy which is take as
many three as possible. The Lakers are an extremely flexible team who focus on driving to the basket
and kicking it out to one of their excellent perimiter shooters.


Overall if these two teams faced off in the playoffs, I would say that it may go to 
5-6 games, but I would be VERY suprised if they Lakers lost let alone were taken to 
a game 7 especially considering playoff Lebron. 
--------------------------------------------

Overall statistics that I think are important:
Team PPG
Team APG
Team RPG(ORB & DRB)
Team BLKSPG
Team FG%
Team FGA
Team 3FG%
Team 3FGA
Team SPG
Team #AllStars(we can hardcode this)
Team Height
Team Rankings
Player Points
Player Rebounds
Player assists
Player BLKS
Player FG%
Player 3FG%
Player Steals